the brother pope we are here with another
personal video and this time I bring a
super clean texture for you guys
the name of this texture is super clean it
was made by radesh and who indicated me
This personal texture was my friend Lucas.
the nerd couple
so I hope you like it is a
texture that does not have any type
about it is a texture like the
My name is already said she is super clean I
I told her to do what
I can say it's small machinimas
Stuff like that, right?
It looks really nice, like drawing well then.
come on we have sheep here you can
see what kind is very smooth texture o we have
here the animals are seeing her type
It pulls well because it originates at the same
time does not have those hills because
little squares that he
what squares in texture
original is very smooth
You can totally see carton we have.
here the pack of gold and gold
coal
the trunk of the tree the glass the glass I think
that way like a galley sutiko
like, huh
type it and type with nothing in the middle only
chubby
we have the woods here at our house
textures
only cool are the tables that
is similar to the original
we have here our work bed and personal looks
Just cool, what did he do here?
put a bunch of bricks on the bottom
of the dodo in the inventories here in this fund
here of the items
She looks nice and you from the furnace.
here for you to speak was in defense
we have here in our neighborhood the end with
some items inside a raw chicken grandpa
of the law that we have here with our trunk with
vines the other speaks
back to the puppy dog
puppy
we have here the emerald block of the
diamond and the musician and the sandstone I
I like impersonal barenitas with the face of the
clip and now we will enter the house of
textures never show here as if
tells the wheats can on the rails and I
I go for a personal cart complained that
I 'm not putting it in the cart or
place for the sake of so we'll see this
texture with career there stand walking
there for someone else now can not
complain when fondly but when
I'm going to break the sun in the sun square
your lips in the background the beautiful image
Let's get in here if I had fallen.
in hand
we have our simple chest
ae radesh to roll here o must take
This little piece of comedy here plays
we have to the works our bed I like
so we particularly have the
Our workbench is just like me.
I told you
this texture not let them mount
that lot of little squares
here we are the skeleton cliper and the
A good move but I'll be right.
I'll be with him and tell me pet.
so look how nice it is at the door
Wow, this is very cool, let's go back
here's that fucking simulation
I called the portal now with you, they asked
we have aa lava and water and staff this
texture is very cool I like
texture clean this way
particularly let me take the
today let's not take it let's get it out here
no to the selection to fado
Here I am speaking heart and hunger to
You guys like to visualize this.
I'll take what you saw I took a
ball arrow was the little doll not me
I got the staff so this is it personal
I hope you have enjoyed the
texture the name of this texture is super
clean
it was made by radesh and indicated
by my friends of the nerd couple
so I hope you have already
people to show you
Look what I've done behind my back.
tetris ok, that's all.
Only the strong embrace of the sport I hope
You liked it yesterday, I put it on.
a video of our texture chapter 4
I'm leaving here as a video
answer
Who did not attend to set up and I
Thank you so much for your feedback.
understand the staff then this
Let's see if we can do it in this video.
get 150 jewelry come on 150 then the
strong hug of the sport went personal
sector